PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH..."
Yami-Marik:
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR
HAS ELIMINATED 4,000
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
THANKS TO YOU,
MY WEAKER SIDE HAS ALMOST
COMPLETELY LOST HIMSELF
TO THE SHADOW REALM.
Marik, voice-over:
HELP ME, TEA!
Marik and Tea:
I HAVE BORROWED
YOUR FRIEND'S BODY
IN ORDER
TO REASON WITH YOU.
YOU MUST OVERPOWER
MY DARK SIDE
AT ALL COSTS,
AND DON'T WORRY
ABOUT PROTECTING ME.
PHARAOH!
MEET MY EGYPTIAN
GOD SLIME.
YOU'LL NEVER STOP HIM!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
NOW OBSERVE!
JAM DEFENDER!
AS LONG AS JAM DEFENDER
IS IN PLAY,
MY EGYPTIAN GOD SLIME
IS ABLE TO INTERCEPT
EVERY ATTACK YOU MAKE.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S NEXT!
IN JUST ONE MORE TURN,
I'LL BRING BACK
MY WINGED DRAGON OF RA.
YOU'RE DONE!
VICTORY IS MINE NOW!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
[CHUCKLES]
ONE MORE TURN!
THAT'S ALL I NEED
IN ORDER TO ACTIVATE
MY MONSTER REBORN CARD!
I'M SURE YOU'RE AWARE
OF WHAT HAPPENS AFTER THAT,
ISN'T THAT RIGHT,
PHARAOH?
MY WINGED DRAGON OF RA
WILL RETURN TO THE FIELD.
AND ONCE THIS
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
MAKES ITS APPEARANCE,
YOU'RE DONE!
MY PLAN WAS FOOLPROOF!
Yami-Yugi:
YOU MAY HAVE BUILT
A POWERFUL DEFENSE
BY CREATING A CLONE
OF MY OBELISK
THE TORMENTOR,
BUT I'LL BREAK THROUGH!
REALLY?
YES! AND NOT ONLY
WILL I DEFEAT YOU,
BUT I'LL SPARE
YOUR GOOD SIDE FROM
THE SHADOW REALM!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
YOU KNOW THAT
WHEN I LOSE LIFE POINTS,
MY WEAKER HALF
LOSES A PIECE OF HIMSELF
TO THE DARKNESS.
I SHALL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
THEN...
GO ON!
I SUMMON
MY SWALLOWTAIL
SPIKE LIZARD!
Yami-Marik, voice-over:
AS LONG AS IT REMAINS
IN DEFENSE MODE,
I RECEIVE 1,000
LIFE POINTS EACH TURN!
AND SINCE I PLAN
TO USE MY LIFE POINTS
TO STRENGTHEN
MY WINGED DRAGON OF RA,
THIS IS JUST
THE BOOST I NEED
TO CRUSH HIS
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR!
AND ONCE HIS
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD IS GONE,
I'LL USE MINE
TO FINISH HIM OFF!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW, IT'S MY MOVE,
MARIK!
BE CAREFUL!
CRUSH THIS FREAK
WITH EVERYTHING
YOU'VE GOT, MAN!
AND JUST MAKE SURE
HE DOESN'T SUMMON THAT
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
WAIT, HOLD ON A SEC.
CAN'T YOU GUYS SEE
DAT YUGI'S
GOT HIMSELF
A DILEMMA HERE?
HUH?
JUST THINK,
IF YUGI BEATS MARIK,
THEN MARIK'S
GOOD SIDE GOES TO
THE SHADOW REALM.
Joey: AS IF A CREEP
LIKE MARIK
CAN ACTUALLY HAVE
A GOOD SIDE.
THIS IS
ALL YOUR FAULT!
STOP IT!
Marik and Tea:
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
I'VE DONE NOTHING
BUT CAUSE THEM PAIN
AND THEY SHOULD BE
ANGRY WITH ME.
GOT DAT RIGHT!
YOU'D BE NUTS TO THINK
WE'D TRUST YOU!
NOW GET OUTTA
MY FRIEND TEA'S HEAD
SO YUGI CAN KICK
YOUR EVIL BUTT
ONCE AND FOR ALL, MARIK!
Marik: I WAS TRYING
TO HELP YUGI
DEFEAT MY DARK SIDE,
AND I NEEDED TEA'S BODY
TO SPEAK TO HIM
BECAUSE I'M UNABLE TO.
HAVEN'T YOU DONE ENOUGH?
IF IT WASN'T FOR YOU,
WE WOULDN'T BE IN THIS MESS!
YOU'RE RIGHT,
AND FOR THAT
I AM TRULY SORRY.
BUT THERE IS STILL A WAY
FOR YUGI TO PREVENT
MY DARK HALF
FROM WINNING THIS DUEL.
I HOPE HE FINDS IT.
I KNOW HE WILL!
HE BETTER,
OR WE'RE ALL GONNA
BE HEADING
TO THE SHADOW REALM SOON!
COME ON!
Duke: THIS IS
YOUR LAST CHANCE, YUGI!
Tea: HEY, DID I
JUST DOZE OFF
OR SOMETHING?
Yami-Marik:
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
[CHUCKLES]
IT'S YOUR MOVE,
SO WHY DON'T
YOU ATTACK ME, PHARAOH?
HAVE YOU REALIZED
THAT YOU'RE OUT OF OPTIONS?
Marik, voice-over:
THE PHARAOH WON'T ATTACK HIM
BECAUSE HE KNOWS
IT WILL DESTROY ME.
BUT I PUT HIM
THROUGH SUCH MISERY.
I SENT MY RARE HUNTERS
TO TAKE HIS POSSESSIONS.
I EVEN CAPTURED HIS BEST FRIENDS
AND TURNED THEM AGAINST HIM!
HOW COULD HE BE SO FORGIVING?
Yugi, voice-over:
HEY, I'VE GOT AN IDEA!
REMEMBER HOW MARIK
FUSED HIMSELF WITH
HIS WINGED DRAGON OF RA?
[LAUGHING]
WE'VE COMBINED TO FORM ONE
ALL-POWERFUL BEAST!
Yugi, voice-over:
I'M SURE MARIK'S PLANNING
TO DO THAT AGAIN.
HE'S BUILDING UP
HIS LIFE POINTS
SO WHEN HE MERGES WITH RA,
THEY'LL BE UNSTOPPABLE!
BUT THAT ALSO MEANS
THAT MARIK BECOMES
A MONSTER HIMSELF,
GIVING HIM
ALL THE WEAKNESSES
OF A MONSTER,
AND THAT COULD BE
OUR ONLY HOPE!
Yami-Marik:
MAKE YOUR FINAL MOVE,
PHARAOH!
Yugi, voice-over:
WE CAN DO THIS!
FIRST, I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN!
THEN I'LL SUMMON
GAZELLE, THE KING
OF MYTHICAL BEASTS!
THAT ENDS
MY TURN.
NOT QUITE.
IT DOESN'T END
UNTIL MY BOWGANIAN
TAKES 300
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
SO ACTIVATE
YOUR SPECIAL ABILITY,
MY BEAST!
Yami-Marik: THERE GOES
A LITTLE MORE OF YOUR FRIEND
INTO THE DARK ABYSS
OF THE SHADOW REALM!
HA HA!
YUGI!
I PROMISE
I WON'T LET YOU
SLIP AWAY!
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE!
IN JUST A FEW SHORT MOMENTS,
YUGI WILL BE GONE!
Kaiba, voice-over:
NOW MARIK CAN ACTIVATE
HIS MONSTER REBORN
MAGIC CARD
TO BRING BACK RA!
YUGI DOESN'T STAND A CHANCE.
Tea: YOU CAN DO IT!
WE'RE ALL BEHIND YA!
THAT'S RIGHT!
TAKE HIM DOWN!
[LAUGHING]
MY MOVE!
[CHUCKLES]
THIS WILL COME IN HANDY
SHORTLY,
BUT FIRST
I HAVE OTHER THINGS
TO TAKE CARE OF!
THEN I'LL SEND
WHATEVER'S LEFT
OF YOUR FRIEND
TO THE SHADOW REALM
WITH THIS!
MARIK,
JUST GO!
FINE, BUT FIRST,
MY SPIKE LIZARD'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
GRANTS ME
1,000 LIFE POINTS!
AND NOW, I'LL
ACTIVATE THE MAGIC CARD
THAT WILL END THIS DUEL--
MONSTER REBORN!
IT'S OVER!
NOW I SHALL BRING FORTH
MY WINGED DRAGON OF RA
IN ITS MOST
DEVASTATING FORM EVER!
[GROWLING]
EGYPTIAN GOD PHOENIX!
NEXT I'LL GIVE UP
1,000 LIFE POINTS
TO ACTIVATE
RA'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW, MY GREAT BEAST
OF THE SKY...
[SCREECHES]
DESTROY HIS OBELISK!
NO! THAT WON'T WORK!
[LAUGHING]
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE WIDE OPEN!
OBELISK IS GONE!
WHAT'S THIS?
IMPOSSIBLE!
WHAT?
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON?
HUH?
BUT WHERE DID HE
COME FROM, PHARAOH?
WHILE YOU WERE
CALLING OUT YOUR ATTACK,
I WAS ACTIVATING
A MAGIC CARD
TO STOP IT
FROM DESTROYING
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR!
SO I PLAYED...
MONSTER REBORN!
I USED IT
TO REVIVE SLIFER
AND SAVE OBELISK!
AWESOME!
HE USED ONE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
AS A SHIELD
TO PROTECT
THE OTHER!
YEAH,
LEAVE IT TO YUGI
TO COME UP WIT
A MOVE LIKE DAT!
HMM. QUITE IMPRESSIVE.
HE SAVED HIMSELF
AT LEAST FOR NOW.
HEY, SETO, LOOK!
SLIFER WAS HIT
BY RA!
AND OBELISK ESCAPED
WITHOUT A SCRATCH!
I WONDER WHAT YUGI'S
GONNA DO NOW.
Kaiba, voice-over:
IF HE'S SMART,
HE'LL TAP INTO THE TRUE
POWER OF OBELISK!
AT THIS POINT,
IT'S HIS ONLY CHANCE
OF SURVIVAL.
IT'S TIME FOR RA
TO RETURN TO THE GRAVEYARD.
MY GREAT BEAST MAY BE GONE,
HOWEVER, I ASSURE YOU
HE'LL BE BACK!
WE'LL SEE.
YES, WE WILL!
IN FACT,
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
WILL RETURN TO THE FIELD
SOONER THAN YOU THINK!
WATCH.
I'M ABOUT TO GIVE MY DRAGON
A SECOND CHANCE
BY TURNING BACK TIME
AND REPEATING
MY ATTACK AGAIN.
AND IT'S ALL THANKS
TO THIS MAGIC CARD!
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN IT?
SURPRISE ATTACK
FROM BEYOND!
WELL, I SUPPOSE
I'LL TAKE YOUR RESPONSE
AS A "YES."
THIS CARD ALLOWS ME
TO REPLAY THE ATTACK
I JUST MADE AGAINST OBELISK!
NO.
YUGI ALREADY
BLOCKED DAT ATTACK!
THAT'S A REAL
CHEAP MOVE, MARIK!
Kaiba, voice-over:
NOW MARIK HAS ANOTHER CHANCE
TO WIPE OUT YUGI'S DEFENSE
WITH HIS WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
Odion: I MUST SAVE MARIK
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
ARISE, MY
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
THIS TIME, YOU HAVE NO WAY
TO DEFEND YOURSELF, PHARAOH!
[LAUGHING]
[ALL GASP]
BEHOLD THE RETURN
OF MY EGYPTIAN GOD!
Yami-Yugi: IT'S LOCKED
IN THAT SPHERE OF LIGHT!
THAT'S CORRECT,
AND ONLY I CAN RELEASE IT.
SO STAND BACK
AS I RECITE
THE ANCIENT CHANT...
[CHUCKLES]
TO UNLOCK RA!
GREAT BEAST OF THE SKY,
PLEASE HEAR MY CRY.
TRANSFORM THYSELF
FROM ORB OF LIGHT
AND BRING ME VICTORY
IN THIS FIGHT.
ENVELOP THE DESERT
WITH YOUR GLOW
AND CAST YOUR RAGE
UPON MY FOE!
NOW, I SHALL MERGE TOGETHER
WITH MY CREATURE,
TRANSFERRING MY POWER
TO THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
[CHUCKLING]
NOW, ALL BUT ONE
OF MY LIFE POINTS
WILL TRANSFORM
INTO RA'S ATTACK POINTS!
PREPARE FOR
MY FINAL ASSAULT!
THE MOMENT IS HERE!
I SHALL FINALLY DRAIN YOU
OF YOUR ANCIENT POWERS...
[GROWLS]
AND I WILL RULE
AS PHARAOH!
Yugi, voice-over:
THIS IS OUR LAST CHANCE
TO STOP HIM!
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
AND SAVE MANKIND
FROM HIS EVIL!
THERE'S STILL MORE!
NEXT, I PLAN TO SACRIFICE
EVERY ONE OF MY MONSTERS
AND TRANSFER
THEIR POWER TO RA--
GIVING MY BEAST
ALMOST 7,000 ATTACK POINTS.
THAT'S ENOUGH
TO DESTROY OBELISK
AND WIPE OUT WHAT'S LEFT
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
NO ONE CAN ESCAPE THE FURY
OF THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA.
NOT EVEN YOU, PHARAOH.
HMM. WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT!
WHAT?
I ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC CARD
SOULTAKER!
HEY, SETO,
WHAT CARD'S THAT?
JUST WHAT YUGI NEEDED.
WHILE IT MAY GRANT MARIK
1,000 LIFE POINTS,
IT ALLOWS YUGI TO SACRIFICE
ONE OF MARIK'S MONSTERS.
I JUST WONDER WHICH ONE
OF MARIK'S MONSTERS
YUGI WILL CHOOSE.
WAIT. I THINK I KNOW!
YOU DO REALIZE
THAT I CAN SACRIFICE
ANY MONSTER I WISH.
DOES THIS MEAN YOU'RE
GOING TO SACRIFICE RA?
ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE,
MARIK!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SINCE MARIK
HAS MERGED WITH RA,
WHEN HIS MONSTER GOES,
SO DOES HE!
AAH!
THIS WILL NEVER WORK,
PHARAOH!
YOUR MAGIC CARD IS NO MATCH
FOR MY WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
I NEVER SAID
THAT I WAS TARGETING
YOUR DRAGON.
YOU'RE NOT?
I HAVE SOMETHING
BETTER PLANNED!
ALL RIGHT,
I'M LOST.
I GUESS HE'S NOT
GONNA SACRIFICE RA.
Duke: THEN WHAT
IS HE SACRIFICING?
ALL RIGHT, I CHOOSE...
YOUR INDESTRUCTIBLE
EGYPTIAN GOD SLIME!
BUT WHY HIM?
THAT WON'T SAVE YOU!
WELL, I DISAGREE.
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD SLIME
IS MADE UP
OF TWO MONSTERS,
SO I'LL BE MAKING
A DOUBLE SACRIFICE!
[HOWLING]
THEN WHAT?
I STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND
THE POINT OF ALL THIS!
IT'S SIMPLE.
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY REQUIRES
TWO SACRIFICES!
YOU'RE GOING TO ACTIVATE
THE HIDDEN POWERS OF OBELISK?
YES, TO WIPE YOU OUT!
YOU CAN'T DO THIS!
Kaiba, voice-over:
WHEN TWO MONSTERS
ARE SACRIFICED,
OBELISK'S FORCE
BECOMES INFINITE!
NOW YUGI CAN DESTROY
ALL OF MARIK'S MONSTERS!
YOU'LL NEVER TAKE DOWN
MY WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
TOO LATE FOR THAT!
AND I'LL DESTROY YOU
WITH IT!
WAIT, PHARAOH.
THERE'S STILL TIME
FOR ME TO MAKE
ONE LAST MOVE!
I SACRIFICE MY BOWGANIAN
AND MY SPIKE LIZARD!
NOW I CAN ADD
THEIR ATTACK POINTS TO RA!
PLUS, THANKS TO
YOUR SOULTAKER MAGIC CARD,
I GET A 1,000
LIFE POINT BOOST
WHICH ALSO
GETS ADDED TO RA!
Kaiba, voice-over:
WHY IS MARIK BOOSTING
THE POWER OF RA?
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD'S
ATTACK POINTS HAVE RISEN
TO ALMOST 5,000!
DAT GLOWING EYEBALL
ON YOUR FOREHEAD MUST
BE FRYIN' YOUR BRAIN!
RA IS STILL WEAKER
THAN OBELISK!
HMM.
[ALL GASPING]
DID WE WIN?
THIS DUEL IS OVER.
OH, NO!
RA SHOULD HAVE BEEN
DESTROYED!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
[GROWLS]
I ACTIVATED A MAGIC CARD
TO PROTECT IT, PHARAOH!
IT'S CALLED CLASS SYSTEM!
NO! THIS CAN'T BE!
SORRY TO DISAPPOINT YOU,
BUT THANKS TO THIS CARD,
ONLY A MONSTER
WITH MORE STARS
THAN THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA
CAN DESTROY IT,
AND I'M AFRAID YOUR OBELISK
DOESN'T QUALIFY.
SO RA WAS SPARED
FROM OBELISK'S ASSAULT!
VERY PERCEPTIVE.
NOW MY MONSTER
IS STRONGER THAN YOURS!
AND IT'S MY MOVE!
GOOD TRY,
BUT NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
SO, NOW THAT OBELISK'S POWER
IS NO LONGER INFINITE,
IT CAN BE EASILY TRAMPLED
BY RA.
GUESS YOU MISSED
YOUR CHANCE, YUGI!
SO YUGI'S GONNA LOSE?
TIME FOR YOU TO FALL
BY THE MIGHTY HAND OF RA!
[SCREECHES]
Odion, voice-over:
I MUST SAVE MASTER MARIK
FROM THE WRATH
OF HIS DARK SIDE.
[YAMI-MARIK LAUGHS]
ALL RIGHT!
THIS DUEL IS DONE!
WINGED DRAGON OF RA,
DESTROY HIM!
I WIN!
NOT EXACTLY!
HUH?
NOW I ACTIVATE THIS,
MAGICAL DIMENSION!
I NEED A SPELLCASTER
TO ACTIVATE IT.
MY DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
WILL DO!
NOW THERE'S ONLY
ONE PART LEFT!
I MUST SACRIFICE
TWO OF MY MONSTERS--
GAZELLE AND OBELISK!
WHAT'S THIS?
YOU'RE SACRIFICING
AN EGYPTIAN GOD?
YES! OBELISK
HAS SERVED ME WELL,
BUT I MUST GIVE HIM UP
IN EXCHANGE
FOR ONE LAST CHANCE!
Odion, voice-over:
MASTER MARIK,
IT WAS YOUR POWERFUL WORDS
THAT ENABLED ME TO AWAKEN.
Marik, voice-over:
YOU WERE THE ONLY ONE
WHO COULD CONTROL
THE EVIL WITHIN ME.
NOW I'M DRIFTING AWAY
INTO THE SHADOWS
WHILE HIS POWER INCREASES.
GOODBYE, ODION.
[ECHOING]
Odion, voice-over:
IT IS MY SWORN DUTY
TO PROTECT MASTER MARIK.
I MUST NOT ALLOW
HIS DARK SIDE TO PREVAIL
YOU WERE A FOOL
TO SACRIFICE OBELISK.
[CHUCKLING]
WITHOUT THE POWER OF
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD MONSTER
TO PROTECT YOU,
YOU HAVE NOTHING LEFT.
YOU'RE DONE.
I HAVE PLENTY LEFT!
LOOK AROUND, I STILL HAVE
EVERY ONE OF MY FRIENDS
TO GIVE ME SUPPORT.
AND I STILL HAVE
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
TO GIVE ME STRENGTH.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
MY MAGICAL DIMENSION CARD
ALSO ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
ANY SPELLCASTER
FROM MY HAND.
OH, NO!
I'M AFRAID SO.
NOW I PLAY
MY DARK MAGICIAN!
Seto, voice-over:
WELL, WELL,
LOOKS LIKE YUGI'S
SMARTER THAN I THOUGHT.
NOW I PLAY
MY FINAL CARD.
BEHOLD... RAGNAROK!
WATCH CLOSELY
AS MY TWO MAGICIANS
UNLOCK THIS CARD'S MAGIC.
ONCE THIS GREAT POWER
IS RELEASED,
EVERY MONSTER ON
YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD
WILL BE CRUSHED,
INCLUDING YOUR WINGED
DRAGON OF RA.
AND SINCE YOU AND RA
ARE FUSED TOGETHER,
YOU WILL BE DESTROYED
AS WELL!
[CHUCKLING]
THAT MAY BE,
BUT THE DEVASTATION
CAUSED BY YOUR ATTACK
WILL ALSO DESTROY WHAT'S
LEFT OF MY WEAK SIDE.
[CHUCKLES]
JUST LOOK--THE SHADOWS
HAVE MOST OF HIM ALREADY.
ONE MORE ATTACK FROM YOU
WILL FINISH HIM OFF.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
ONCE RA IS GONE,
HE'LL STILL HAVE
ONE LIFE POINT LEFT.
THAT MEANS NOTHING!
ONCE HE'S THAT WEAK,
THE FORCE OF THE SHADOW REALM
WILL BE TOO STRONG
FOR HIM TO RESIST.
[LAUGHING]
[PANTING]
Odion, voice-over:
I WON'T ALLOW YOUR INNER EVIL
TO OVERPOWER YOUR GOOD HEART,
MASTER MARIK.
EVER SINCE
YOUR FAMILY TOOK ME IN,
I PLEDGED MY WORD THAT
I WOULD SERVE YOU.
ALL MY LIFE I LONGED
TO BE A TOMBKEEPER LIKE YOU.
THIS IS MY CHANCE TO
FULFILL THAT WISH...
BY SAVING YOU, MASTER.
GO ON, ATTACK ME
AND BREAK THE PROMISE
YOU MADE TO ISHIZU
BY DESTROYING HER BROTHER.
Yugi, voice-over:
WHAT IF OUR MOVE DOES
SEND MARIK'S GOOD SIDE
TO THE SHADOW REALM?
[LAUGHING]
WELL, GO AHEAD
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE
AND CRUSH AN INNOCENT SOUL.
[LAUGHING]
Odion, voice-over:
I HOPE I'M NOT TOO LATE.
IF I WERE TO LET
MASTER MARIK SLIP
INTO THE SHADOWS,
I COULD NEVER
FORGIVE MYSELF.
Marik:
BEFORE I'M GONE FOREVER,
I WANTED TO SAY I'M SORRY.
[GRUNTING]
MASTER MARIK!
I SHALL PROTECT YOU!
IT'S ODION.
HUH?
WHAT'S THAT FOOL
DOING HERE?
[GROWLING]
Marik, voice-over:
THAT VOICE.
BUT IT CAN'T BE.
IT IS!
ODION!
MASTER MARIK,
PLEASE DON'T GIVE UP.
THERE'S STILL TIME!
Yami-Marik:
NONSENSE!
THE DARKNESS
IS HERE TO STAY.
THERE'S NO
TURNING BACK NOW.
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪